and the Lord said to Moses I will bring
and the Lord said to Moses I will bring one more plague on Pharaoh and on Egypt
one more plague on Pharaoh and on Egypt
one more plague on Pharaoh and on Egypt afterward he will let you go from here
afterward he will let you go from here
afterward he will let you go from here when he lets you go
when he lets you go
when he lets you go he will surely drive you out of here all
he will surely drive you out of here all
he will surely drive you out of here all together speak now in the hearing of the
together speak now in the hearing of the
together speak now in the hearing of the people and let every man ask from his
people and let every man ask from his
people and let every man ask from his neighbor and every woman from her
neighbor and every woman from her
neighbor and every woman from her neighbor articles of silver and articles
neighbor articles of silver and articles
neighbor articles of silver and articles of gold and the Lord gave the people
of gold and the Lord gave the people
of gold and the Lord gave the people favor in the sight of the Egyptians
favor in the sight of the Egyptians
favor in the sight of the Egyptians moreover the man Moses was very great in
moreover the man Moses was very great in
moreover the man Moses was very great in the land of Egypt in the sight of
the land of Egypt in the sight of
the land of Egypt in the sight of Pharaoh's servants and in the sight of
Pharaoh's servants and in the sight of
Pharaoh's servants and in the sight of the people then Moses said thus says the
the people then Moses said thus says the
the people then Moses said thus says the Lord about midnight I will go out into
Lord about midnight I will go out into
Lord about midnight I will go out into the midst of Egypt and all the firstborn
the midst of Egypt and all the firstborn
the midst of Egypt and all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die from the
in the land of Egypt shall die from the
in the land of Egypt shall die from the firstborn of Pharaoh who sits on his
firstborn of Pharaoh who sits on his
firstborn of Pharaoh who sits on his throne even to the firstborn of the
throne even to the firstborn of the
throne even to the firstborn of the female servant who was behind the hand
female servant who was behind the hand
female servant who was behind the hand mill and all the firstborn of the
mill and all the firstborn of the
mill and all the firstborn of the animals then there shall be a great cry
animals then there shall be a great cry
animals then there shall be a great cry throughout all the land
throughout all the land
throughout all the land such as was not like it before nor shall
such as was not like it before nor shall
such as was not like it before nor shall be like it again but against none of the
be like it again but against none of the
be like it again but against none of the children of Israel shall a dog move its
children of Israel shall a dog move its
children of Israel shall a dog move its tongue against man or beast that you may
tongue against man or beast that you may
tongue against man or beast that you may know that the Lord does make a
know that the Lord does make a
know that the Lord does make a difference between the Egyptians and
difference between the Egyptians and
difference between the Egyptians and Israel and all is your servants shall
Israel and all is your servants shall
Israel and all is your servants shall come down to me and bow down to me
come down to me and bow down to me
come down to me and bow down to me saying get out and all the people who
saying get out and all the people who
saying get out and all the people who follow you after that I will go out then
follow you after that I will go out then
follow you after that I will go out then he went out from Pharaoh in great anger
he went out from Pharaoh in great anger
he went out from Pharaoh in great anger but the Lord said to Moses Pharaoh will
but the Lord said to Moses Pharaoh will
but the Lord said to Moses Pharaoh will not heed you so that my wonders may be
not heed you so that my wonders may be
not heed you so that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt
multiplied in the land of Egypt
multiplied in the land of Egypt so Moses and Aaron did all these wonders
so Moses and Aaron did all these wonders
so Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before Pharaoh and the Lord hardened
before Pharaoh and the Lord hardened
before Pharaoh and the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart and he did not let the
Pharaoh's heart and he did not let the
Pharaoh's heart and he did not let the children of Israel go out of his lair